# Practical_data_mining-Face_recognition
Face recognition is a popular topic and has been studied and researched by many pioneers in this area and even today it is still improved. Along with development of the technology for this application, we also find many applications in bank, security areas etc. High speed and high accuracy and also high security is very important for this application. As a student of practical data mining course, I have learned representative models for analysis and prediction. For this topic will use different models to compare the different recognition results and try different ways to improve this recognition results even the accuracy is not high. Through these trails, either succeed or failed, I have got deeper understanding of disadvantage and advantages of each model. And also got better understanding of the parameters and other preconditions such like data status and quality, which will influence the recognition results.  The study is just the first step with basic model settings to have the primary results. More deeper study and adjustment is needed in the future for better applying of these models, not limit to this application, but also for other applications and topics. In general for this topic the raw data standardization can help to improve the data quality and achieve higher recognition accuracy with decision tree and logistic regression. PCA also helps to capture the most variance and increase the operation speed with less data to be dealt with in the models. And we also tried to optimize the defined PCA component number and also find its influence. This trail works for logistic regression.  For decision tree we also used pruning to improve the recognition results. The best model is neural network. We tried to prepare the data and defined the parameters for this model. Relative higher recognition accuracy has been achieved with neural network. As the most advanced and also most difficult to be understood model, neural network which is used in this study still needs to be further improved. As we all know there are also further developed neural network which can have better results in this area. In this study, we used the fundamental one for primary study.
